Usando como fonte de áudio trecho do Podcast de Robb Wolf Paleo Solution - 190 (http://robbwolf.com/2013/07/02/episode-190/), segue a transcrição original, transcrição automatizada sem edição de áudio e com áudio editado:

ORIGINAL:
"So if you are a Catalyst Athletics certified weightlifting coach or are soon to become one, you can apply to affiliate and if you meet certain criteria, we would
love to have you on board. Wait, you have standards? We do have standards. It’s crazy talk. I know. I know. I don’t have standards. Restricted entry it’s bizarre but we do actually value the name and
reputation of Catalyst Athletics and would like to feel good about the people we refer other people to. Yeah. Speaking of restricted entry when we write our book at some point, that will be very interesting to explore the complete nonrestricted entry
that many have experienced in the fitness scene but it’s an entirely different story. Yeah. They let me in for a while. I'm not even talking about that but…"

AUTOMATIZADA:
"so if you are a catalyst athletics certified weightlifting coach or ours to become one you can apply to affiliated if you meet a sir criteria we would love to have you on board what you have standards we do have standards CrazyTalk I know I know country is biz are but I will you actually value for the name catalyst athletics and would like to feel good about the People real other people to yet Street entry when we write a book at some point Shelby very interesting to explore the complete non restricted in 3 days have experienced in the fitness seen but they let me why not even talking about that"

AUTOMATIZADA + EDIÇÃO:
"so if you are a catalyst athletics certified weightlifting coach or ours to become one you can apply to affiliated if you meet a sir criteria we would love to have you on board what you have standards we do have standards CrazyTalk I know I know country is biz are but I will you actually value for the name catalyst athletics and would like to feel good about the People real other people to yet Street entry when we write a book at some point very interesting to explore the complete non restricted in 3 days have experienced in the fitness seen but they let me why not even talking about that"
